
# Verifying the SDK Implementation
This document provides instructions on how to test and confirm your  [SDK implementation](https://github.com/optimove-tech/Web-SDK-Integration-Guide-V3). Please make sure all the steps below have been followed.

If a test fails to show the expected results, please contact your Customer Success Manager.

>Please make sure to use incognito mode and clear cache and website data before getting started.

## Step One: Verify SDK Initialization

**SDK files**
To perform the test, visit or reload a page on your website where the SDK has been implemented on.

Then, go to Dev tools > Network > filter to SDK.

*Expected test results:*
The SDK file "?tenant_id=XXX" appears, where ‘XXX’ is the tenant id provided to you by Optimove.

**Optimove SDK metadata**
To perform the test, enter your website.
Then, go to Dev tools > Network > filter to stream

*Expected test results:*
optimove_sdk_metadata event fired when entering the website
This is a default event generated by the SDK to capture UTM params and will fire when first landing on your website.

## Step Two: Verify Core Events
**"pageVisit" event - visitors**
*Expected test results:*

**registration event**
To perform the test, register to your website.
Then, go to Dev tools > Network > filter to Optimove.

*Expected test results:*

1. set_user_id_event is reported to stream after registration
2. set_user_id_event is reported to realtime after registration
3. registration event is reported to stream after registration
4. registration event is  reported to realtime after registration
5. CID: "SDK_ID" (the customer id sent to Optimove in the daily)
6.  Parameters configured as part of events are correctly populated

>Make sure to test all registration points on your website.

**"pageVisit" event - existing customers**
To perform the test, navigate between different pages.
Then, go to Dev tools > Network > filter to Optimov

*Expected test results:*

**login event**

To perform the test, login to your website.
Then, go to Dev tools > Network > filter to Optimove.


*Expected test results:*
1.  login is reported to realtime after login
2.  login is reported to stream after login
3.  CID: "SDK_ID" (the customer id sent to Optimove in the daily)
4.  Visitor ID will change to updated visitor ID


Note: 
> **Set_user_id_event**
>This event will be shown in the Dev tool whenever event has been sent including a customer ID and the customer ID is not saved in the cache

